"You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view… until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it." - Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird;"I assign myself no rank or any limit, and such an attitude is very much against the trend of the times. But my world has become one of infinite possibilities." - Ralph Ellison, Invisible Man;"You will become way less concerned with what other people think of you when you realize how seldom they do." - David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest;"We accept the love we think we deserve." - Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower;"Differences of habit and language are nothing at all if our aims are identical and our hearts are open." - J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire;"It is only with the heart that one can see rightly... what is essential is invisible to the eye." - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince;"I won’t tell you what to believe, Eragon. It is far better to be taught to think critically and then be allowed to make your own decisions than to have someone else’s notions thrust upon you." - Christopher Paolini, Eldest;"Do not go gentle into that good night. Rage, rage against the dying of the light" - Dylan Thomas;"I wished to know the meaning of things. I am the meaning. I wished to find a warrant for being. I need no warrant for being, and no word of sanction upon my being. I am the warrant and the sanction." - Ayn Rand, Anthem;"All that is gold does not glitter, not all those who wander are lost... The old that is strong does not wither, deep roots are not reached by the frost. From the ashes a fire shall be woken, a light from the shadows shall spring. Renenwed shall be blade that was broken, the crownless again shall be king." - J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring;"Be good, be young, be true! Evil is nothing but vanity, let us have the pride of good, and above all let us never despair." - Alexandre Dumas, fils, The Lady of the Camellias;"Drive away and try to keep smiling. Get a little rock and roll on the radio and go toward all the life there is with all the courage you can find and all the belief you can muster. Be true, be brave, stand. All the rest is darkness." - Stephen King, IT;"‘Why did you do all this for me?’ he asked. ‘I don’t deserve it. I’ve never done anything for you.’ ‘You have been my friend,’ replied Charlotte. ‘That in itself is a tremendous thing.’" - E.B. White, Charlotte’s Web;"The loneliest moment in someone’s life is when they are watching their whole world fall apart, and all they can do is stare blankly." - F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby;"Sometimes the Bible in the hand of one man is worse than a whisky bottle in the hand of another." - Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird;"When I get lonely these days, I think: So BE lonely, Liz. Learn your way around loneliness. Make a map of it. Sit with it, for once in your life. Welcome to the human experience. But never again use another person’s body or emotions as a scratching post for your own unfulfilled yearnings." - Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love;"People are capable, at any time in their lives, of doing what they dream of." - Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist;“‘And tho’ / We are not now that strength which in old days / Moved earth and heaven, that which we are, we are. / One equal temper of heroic hearts, / Made weak by time and fate, but strong in will / To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield.’" - Alfred, Lord Tennyson, “Ulysses";“I am no bird, and no net ensnares me: I am a free human being with an independent will." - Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre;"It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live." - J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer\'s Stone;"Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends." - J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring;“The reason death sticks so closely to life isn’t biological necessity... it’s envy. Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous, possessive love that grabs at what it can. But life leaps over oblivion lightly, losing only a thing or two of no importance, and gloom is but the passing shadow of a cloud." - Yann Martel, Life of Pi;“He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness. Live, then, and be happy, beloved children of my heart, and never forget, that until the day God will deign to reveal the future to man, all human wisdom is contained in these two words, ‘Wait and Hope.’" - Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo;“‘Are you ready?’ Klaus asked finally. ‘No,’ Sunny answered. ‘Me neither,’ Violet said, ‘but if we wait until we’re ready we’ll be waiting for the rest of our lives, Let’s go.’" - Daniel Handler, The Ersatz Elevator;"And so we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past." - F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby;"I took a deep breath and listened to the old brag of my heart: I am, I am, I am." - Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar;"A room without books is like a body without a soul." - Marcus Tullius Cicero;"The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid." - Jane Austen;"Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life." - Mark Twain;"Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten." - Neil Gaiman, Coraline;"Sometimes, you read a book and it fills you with this weird evangelical zeal, and you become convinced that the shattered world will never be put back together unless and until all living humans read the book." - John Green, The Fault in Our Stars;"Never trust anyone who has not brought a book with them." - Lemony Snicket, Horseradish;"If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking." - Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood;"You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me." - C.S. Lewis;"There is no friend as loyal as a book." - Ernest Hemingway;"′Classic′... a book which people praise and don\'t read." - Mark Twain;"... a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge." - George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones;"My Best Friend is a person who will give me a book I have not read." - Abraham Lincoln;"When I was about eight, I decided that the most wonderful thing, next to a human being, was a book." - Margaret Walker;"Still round the corner there may wait / A new road or a secret gate / And though I oft have passed them by / A day will come at last when I / Shall take the hidden paths that run / West of the Moon, East of the Sun." - J.R.R. Tolkien;"Books serve to show a man that those original thoughts of his aren\'t very new after all." - Abraham Lincoln;"Books are no more threatened by Kindle than stairs by elevators." - Stephen Fry;"There is some good in this world, and it’s worth fighting for." - J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers;"Who, being loved, is poor?" - Oscar Wilde, A Woman of No Importance;"Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving." - J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows;"Travel far enough, you meet yourself." - David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas;"None of us really changes over time. We only become more fully what we are." - Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat;"Most people are nice when you finally see them." - Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird;"Don’t panic." - Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy;"All endings are also beginnings. We just don’t know it at the time." - Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet In Heaven;"It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then." - Lewis Carroll, Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland;"The only limits for tomorrow are the doubts we have today." - Pittacus Lore, The Power of Six;"It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." - J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets;"Fear doesn’t shut you down... it wakes you up." - Veronica Roth, Divergent;"When you are imagining, you might as well imagine something worth while." - Lucy Maud Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables;"Not all those who wander are lost." - J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring;"It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane." - Philip K. Dick, Valis;"If you don’t imagine, nothing ever happens at all." - John Green, Paper Towns;"So many things are possible just as long as you don’t know they’re impossible." - Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth;"Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional." - Haruki Murakami, What I Talk About When I Talk About Running;"You never know what worse luck your bad luck has saved you from." - Cormac McCarthy, No Country For Old Men;"We must all face the choice between what is right and what is easy." - J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire;"It’s only after we’ve lost everything that we’re free to do anything." - Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club;"It is never too late to be wise." - Daniel Defoe, Robinson Crusoe;"Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak." - Sun Tzu, The Art of War;"Anything worth dying for is certainly worth living for." - Joseph Heller, Catch-22;"All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us." - J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring;"If we encounter a man of rare intellect, we should ask him what books he reads." - Ralph Waldo Emerson;"I would never read a book if it were possible for me to talk half an hour with the man who wrote it." - Woodrow Wilson;"Maybe ever’body in the whole damn world is scared of each other." - John Steinbeck;"The only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars." - Jack Kerouac;"It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen." - George Orwell, 1984;"We were the people who were not in the papers. We lived in the blank white spaces at the edges of print. It gave us more freedom. We lived in the gaps between the stories." - Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid\'s Tale;"It sounds plausible enough tonight, but wait until tomorrow. Wait for the common sense of the morning." - H. G. Wells, The Time Machine;"It\'s much better to do good in a way that no one knows anything about it." - Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina;"There is an idea of a Patrick Bateman, some kind of abstraction, but there is no real me, only an entity, something illusory, and though I can hide my cold gaze and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping yours and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable: I simply am not there." - Bret Easton Ellis, American Psycho;"Finally, from so little sleeping and so much reading, his brain dried up and he went completely out of his mind." - Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Don Quixote;"We cast a shadow on something wherever we stand, and it is no good moving from place to place to save things, because the shadow always follows. Choose a place where you won\'t do harm... yes, choose a place where you won\'t do very much harm, and stand in it for all you are worth, facing the sunshine." - E.M. Forster, A Room With A View;"Memories warm you up from the inside, but they also tear you apart." - Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore;"History, Stephen said, is a nightmare from which I am trying to awake." - James Joyce, Ulysses;"It is a great misfortune to be alone, my friends, and it must be believed that solitude can quickly destroy reason." - Jules Verne, The Mysterious Island;"No man, for any considerable period, can wear one face to himself and another to the multitude, without finally getting bewildered as to which may be the true." - Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter;"Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing." - Oscar Wilde, The Picture Of Dorian Gray;"No one forgets the truth, they just get better at lying." - Richard Yates, Revolutionary Road;"We need never be ashamed of our tears." - Charles Dickens, Great Expectations;"Nothing is so painful to the human mind as a great and sudden change." - Mary Shelley, Frankenstein;"It doesn\'t matter who you are or what you look like, so long as somebody loves you." - Roald Dahl, The Witches;"I know. I was there. I saw the great void in your soul, and you saw mine." - Sebastian Faulks, Birdsong;"She says nothing at all, but simply stares upward into the dark sky and watches, with sad eyes, the slow dance of the infinite stars." - Neil Gaiman, Stars;"Anyone who ever gave you confidence, you owe them a lot." - Truman Capote, Breakfast at Tiffany\'s;"Clocks slay time... time is dead as long as it is being clicked off by little wheels... only when the clock stops does time come to life." - William Faulkner, The Sound And The Fury;"None of those other things makes a difference. Love is the strongest thing in the world, you know. Nothing can touch it. Nothing comes close. If we love each other we\'re safe from it all. Love is the biggest thing there is." - David Guterson, Snow Falling on Cedars;"Sometimes we get sad about things and we don\'t like to tell other people that we are sad about them. We like to keep it a secret. Or sometimes, we are sad but we really don\'t know why we are sad, so we say we aren\'t sad but we really are." - Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time;"I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I\'ll go to it laughing." - Herman Melville, Moby Dick;"The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you’ll go." - Dr. Seuss, I Can Read With My Eyes Shut!;"I read my eyes out and can’t read half enough... The more one reads the more one sees we have to read." - John Adams;"Sometimes I can feel my bones straining under the weight of all the lives I’m not living." - Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close;"What are men to rocks and mountains?" - Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice;"A dream, all a dream, that ends in nothing, and leaves the sleeper where he lay down, but I wish you to know that you inspired it." - Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities;"And now that you don’t have to be perfect, you can be good." - John Steinbeck, East of Eden;"There are more things in Heaven and Earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy." - William Shakespeare, Hamlet;"It might be that to surrender to happiness was to accept defeat, but it was a defeat better than many victories." - W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage;"In spite of everything, I still believe people are really good at heart." - Anne Frank, The Diary of Anne Frank;"She was becoming herself and daily casting aside that fictitious self which we assume like a garment with which to appear before the world." - Kate Chopin, The Awakening;"We cross our bridges as we come to them and burn them behind us, with nothing to show for our progress except a memory of the smell of smoke, and the presumption that once our eyes watered." - Tom Stoppard, Rosencratz and Guildenstern Are Dead;"There are darknesses in life and there are lights, and you are one of the lights, the light of all lights." - Bram Stroker, Dracula;"Everything was beautiful and nothing hurt." - Kurt Vonnegut, Slaughterhouse-Five;"My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die." - The Princess Bride;"It is a truth universally that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife." - Pride and Prejudice;"It was the best of times, it was the worst of times." - A Tale of Two Cities;"Most men and women will grow up to love their servitude and will never dream of revolution." - Brave New World;"Contradictions do not exist. Whenever you think that you are facing a contradiction, check your premises. You will find that one of them is wrong." - Atlas Shrugged;"Hey, boo." - To Kill a Mockingbird;"Tomorrow I’ll think of some way to get him back. After all, tomorrow is another day." - Gone with the Wind;"All happy families are alike: each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way." - Anna Karenina;"Marley was dead as a doornail." - Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol;"What fresh hell is this?" - Jane Eyre;"